playing the Chinese tier 10 medium tank
the 121 here on the test server as you
can see it looks a lot like a type 59
it's just a little bit skinnier and the
holes longer the frontal armor is 120
millimeters like the tier 10 heavy tank
but the upper glacis is only at 60
degrees which does give it decent
protection for a medium tank but tier
nine it still won't be enough to stop
many shells the turret front is really
strong and the size of turn are decently
armored so you want to worry about being
penetrated too much in the front unless
if they hit those hatches on top the
main issue with this tank as you see
here is that's as far as you can aim
down and that's only around 23 degrees
of gun depression which is very bad as
far as gun elevation goes the elevation
isn't too great either but it's an it's
enough to where it won't limit you too
much the mobility it's actually a little
bit slower than a Chinese heavy tank I
hate to say the top speed is a little
bit higher but as far as mobility goes
the medium tank does move a bit slower
than heavy tank the power-to-weight
ratio is worse even though it weighs a
little bit lighter the engine horsepower
is a lot lower but then II anyway beats
the heavy tank is the top speed but that
isn't something that you want to rely on
since you can't always go down a hill
it does fire faster than the new tier 10
heavy tank and it does it roughly has
the same gun these have slightly
different names
and even though they share the same guns
the two tier 10 Chinese thanks as you
can see the accuracy on the move on this
is pretty decent along with the same
time the heavy tank does have a little
bit of a problem with the on the move
accuracy in the aim time
I always forget that there's hearty des
around a while just focus on driving
tanks I guess
went right through
I'm gonna run away he's gonna be shot
fuck see as you can see even in close
ranges like this it's a bit hard to aim
that lag got me a little bit but as you
can see they're trying to aim down that
was the furthest i could aim down on
that object even though my gunner is out
inaccuracies man if you're getting close
you're basically limited to shooting at
the turret armor tanks and especially if
you're not on level ground like this it
is a big deal since if you're up very
close to the tank trying to brawl with
it you are limited at the amount of
places that you can shoot it hopefully
this guy dies pretty quickly while this
tank is pretty good medium since it has
the increased alpha over to other
mediums the limitations of it are a
little a little bit concerning since as
you can see here weighs 40 tons but the
engine power is under 600 horsepower so
the powder rate weight ratio isn't that
good so it's a celebration isn't that
great and going up hills and stuff is
bad speed wise and gun depression wise
since you can't point down to shoot
anything where it does make up for a
little bit as the whole armor is decent
and since it's flat you can angle a bit
and get a few bounces against like teary
tier 9 tanks and then the tower armor is
240 in front so it does provide
protection except for these two hatches
and tier 10 guns can go through this
flat part right here these holes don't
add any weak spots but they are the
flattest part so you can go with go
through them with hypen guns and touched
on it before but the upper glacis is
only 60 degrees so it's roughly two
and 40 millimeters of effective armor
and the armor against ap shells is a
little bit over to Hunter it most likely
so overall it's a decent medium tank
especially if you're not fighting on
hilly areas but when it comes down to it
the high it does have high crew damage
to with the gunner and the driver as you
saw there especially the driver the
driver will die a very lot in this tank
the main limitations as I touched on
before is a gun depression which holds
it back a lot and then mobility wise
even at speed limits 56 you'll be going
under 40 most times since the
power-to-weight ratio is very bad so
while it's a good tank if you can limit
the negative sides of the tank it is
very good but the negative sides of the
tank does limit its use a bit